Initial version to provide a external secrets operator deployment for SteadOps (#1)
steadforce/external-secrets-deployment: README.md

# external-secrets for steadforce SteadOps k8s clusters

> Repository containing helm chart for external-secrets installation. Never install the content of this repo on our clusters manually. This is all done by argocd.

Reviewer: Maybe split line for easier reading.

# external-secrets for steadforce SteadOps k8s clusters

Repository containing helm chart for external-secrets installation.
Never install the content of this repo on our clusters manually. This is all done by argocd.

## Dependencies

This chart pulls in `external-secrets` as a dependency. The version
used is specified in `Chart.yaml` in the `dependencies` section.
If you change the version in there, you need to then run

> ```

Author: changed, I prefer ```shell to use the same as on existing other code blocks

 helm dependency update
```

in order to have the chart downloaded to the `charts` directory
and then also commit that new version alongside with the altered
`Chart.yaml` file.

See the [Helm docs](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/#chart-dependencies)
for details.

> ## Installation

Reviewer 2: Is it intended to test this (locally) in this PR? If not, just ignore this!

Otherwise we probably need access to the credentials.

Author: You should have access to the secrets now.

> Currently we use AWS Parameter Store to store the secrets externally. There are two accounts for

Reviewer: Here the reader asks himself: why two accounts and what is the difference between them?

Reviewer 3: In AWS an "Account" is an isolated environment. We have one account for development (dev cluster and local testing) and one account for production (prod cluster).
And we have two separate users (one for each account) which only have access to the Parameter Store an the respective account.

SteadOps with only access rights to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. The AWS access key and secret
for these accounts are stored in the internal password database.

> These two secrets have to be passed into the helm chart with parameter keys:

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add a hint for the `bootstrapResources.enabled` flag?

# external-secrets for steadforce SteadOps k8s clusters

Repository containing helm chart for external-secrets installation.
Never install the content of this repo on our clusters manually. This is all done by argocd.

## Dependencies

This chart pulls in `external-secrets` as a dependency. The version
used is specified in `Chart.yaml` in the `dependencies` section.
If you change the version in there, you need to then run

```shell
 helm dependency update
```

in order to have the chart downloaded to the `charts` directory
and then also commit that new version alongside with the altered
`Chart.yaml` file.

See the [Helm docs](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts/#chart-dependencies)
for details.

## Installation

> Currently we use AWS Parameter Store to store the secrets externally. There are two accounts for
> SteadOps (development and production with only access rights to AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.
> The AWS access key and secret for these accounts are stored in the internal password database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We use AWS Systems Manager's Parameter Store to externally store secrets.
There are two AWS accounts for SteadOps (development and production) and two AWS IAM users with access to these accounts.
The users have restricted permissions that only allows access to the Parameter Store.
The credentials for these users are stored in the internal password database.
```
